[Mouse squeaks]
[Penguins wenk]
[All cheering]
[Screeches]
♪ Adventure time ♪
♪ Come on, grab your friends ♪
♪ We'll go to very distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog
and Finn the human ♪
♪ The fun will never end ♪
♪ It's Adventure Time ♪
Ripped By mstoll
ICE KING:
[Grunts]
Oh, boy.
Oh, you're so pretty
while you sleep.
Let's go back to
Ice King's house.
Hi, baby.
[Muffled scream]
Yah!
Ice King, what are you
doing in my bedroom?!
Baby!
I was trying to surprise you by
moving you to my place while you
sleep, then have you wake up
to breakfast in bed.
But now you ruined
the surprise.
Way to go.
Do you think I'd
like being kidnapped?
Is that what
you think I want?
Okay! Here we go.
You're the victim,
right?
You know what?
Since day one,
I've been doing everything
to make this
relationship work,
and for what?
Banana guards!
Babe, come on.
We promised we wouldn't
make our problems public.
Take him out.
Baby, no!
What are you doing?!
Baby bear!
Gah!
This is just so crazy!
If you can honestly look into
your heart and tell me you want
me to leave, I'll go.
Okay, leave.
Wow. Did...
did you look in your heart?
Like, all around it?
Yes.
I see.
Then, obviously, you have got
some heavy emotions stirring in you,
and you have said
some very rash things.
Guards, take me away!
Ice King!
Get out of Princess...
I'm leaving!
Ugh. I don't know.
Did I say the right thing?
I can never tell
with that girl.
[Sighs]
All I can think about is you,
baby girl.
I got to leave Ooo,
start somewhere fresh.
Goodbye, Gunther.
You're the man
of the house now.
[Snoring]
[Thunder rumbles]
[Grunts]
Stroke... stroke...
[thunder crashes]
Huh?
Oh, clam balls!
[Panting]
Whoa!
[Coughs]
Hwaah!
Ugh. Where am l...
Aah!
[Groans]
Where am I?
Hmm.
No signs of life.
Just me and
these palm fronds.
And that bird over there.
Well, won't be needing
this anymore.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Sea gull squawks]
[Sighs]
I miss her, man.
[Woman vocalizing in distance]
Hello?
♪ Far across the sea ♪
Is someone there?
Oh, man, this is...
someone somewhere.
♪... eternally ♪
♪ And though he
sometimes visits me ♪
There.
Now I can look around and...
Sweet mother of glob!
This island
doesn't have a lady.
This island is a lady!
Oh! Hello, there.
Hello.
Is my singing
bothering you?
No.
What?
No!
[Grumbles]
Hold on a sec!
[Grunting]
Whew!
What was the question?
I asked if my singing
was bothering you.
[Chuckles]
No, not at all.
In fact, it was
quite enchanting.
I always sing when
my boyfriend is away.
Boyfriend?
Yeah...
Party God.
Do you know him?
Uh, sure.
I mean, I know of him.
[Howling]
Oh, no! That's him!
Quick... hide!
He gets crazy jealous!
Crazy jealous?!
[Panting]
[Howling]
Hi!
Hey, babe.
Is that a zit on your face?
Gross.
You seen my boom box?
I totally puked in
Jimmy's stereo
and killed the party
I was at.
He was like
"Hey, Party God!
You can't spin
faster than me!"
And I was like,
"I totally can, Jimmy!"
So we started spinning.
Then I got super-dizzy
and was like...
[mock retching]
...right into the speaker.
Ha ha! Found it.
Okay, I'm bouncing out, babe.
Oh. You want to hang
before you go?
Oh. Yeah...
Well, I'm sort of in the
middle of a party, so...
Oh. Well, it would just
be for a minute.
But... uh, I puked
in Jimmy's stereo.
I can't party foul the party.
I'm the Party God.
Okay.
Don't be mad, babe.
I won't. I'm not.
Okay, laters!
[Howling]
[Sighs]
Ugh.
What a wad bag.
Oh. He's okay...
sometimes.
Girl, he is no
good for you!
[Sighs]
I know.
Ah, who am I kidding?
My G. F., Princess Bubblegum,
treats me like poopies, too.
The expression on your face
when he bounced out on ya?
Well, I might as well have
been looking in a mirror.
Neglected lovers,
party of two!
[Laughs]
That's us.
Well, I like you.
You're welcome to stay
here as long as you want.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I appreciate your company.
♪ Have you ever
had a friend ♪
♪ ¿ Como este? ♪
Oh!
♪ Have you ever
had a friend ♪
♪ Who would talk
to a Señorita ♪
♪ And who would live and
build a house on her Pancita? ♪
♪ Vivir en Armonia ♪
♪ The Ice King and
the Señorita Isla ♪
♪ El rey hielo y
la Señorita Isla ♪
Yeah, well, P. B.
Is just so closed off
to her emotions.
She crushes the
relationship so
she doesn't ever have
to develop feelings.
I don't even matter
to Party God.
He just parties
all the time.
He doesn't even notice
if I'm there or not.
Oh, that's terrible.
At least Bubblegum
cares if I'm there.
Sometimes I just wish he'd
go off into outer space
so I'd never have
to see him again.
Yeah, he's awful.
You shouldn't have
to put up with that.
Yeah.
That's true.
Yeah, girl.
I'm gonna break
up with him.
Yeah, girl!
[Howling]
Oh, snaps!
Good luck!
[Howling]
I forgot the batteries.
Hey, babe?
I have to tell
you something.
Uh... babe?
Found 'em!
Huh?
Hey, what's that?
Oh, that just washed
up on me after a storm.
Hmm.
Oh, whatever.
What'd you want to tell me?
Well, I've been doing some
thinking, and I... I...
Ay-yi-yi. What?
I... I hope you have
fun at your party.
[Groans]
You're killing me, babe.
[Howling]
Ugh!
What was that?!
Uh...
you should've been like,
"I am done with you!"
Bam!
"Pack your bags and
get out my face!"
I...
Whatever!
I'm gonna break up
with him for you!
[Imitating guitar]
Hey, yo!
Yo, dawg!
I need to talk to you!
Who are you?
I'm Ice King.
We sort of met that one
time at Peppermint Butler's?
Anyway, I've been spending lots
of time with your girlfriend,
and she re...
Wh-a-a-a-a-at?!
Hey, wait.
You're the guy who's
been living on her stomach.
Yeah, but...
No! We're strictly platonic!
I wasn't hittin' on
her or anything!
There's gonna be two hits,
Bro...
Me hitting you and a second
instance of me hitting you!
Raaah!
Whoa, mama!
Let's talk this out.
Think about what's best for...
Ice Lightning!
Huh?
[Howls]
Oh!
[Breathing heavily]
Wowzers!
Aw, yeah!
Run, blue piggy!
[Panting]
Take it easy, Wolfy!
I just stomped grapes
on her tummy, all right?
Aah!
Bread balls! Bread balls!
Bread balls!
[Panting]
Eh?
[Roars]
Psych!
Eat it, party puppy!
[Chuckles]
Face it, bro...
my divinity is unassailable!
[Gasps]
You should've stayed
out my business.
She is not your "Bid-ness"!
I can dodge your
"Zyaps" for days...
Uh-oh.
[Inhales sharply]
Hmm.
[As Party God]
Awooooo!
Party God?
Hey, girl.
Did Ice King tell you
to come talk to me?
Uh... maybe.
Oh.
So, is there something
you wanted to tell me?
Uh... nope.
I'm good.
Uh... uh, didn't you get some
good advice from a cool bro
and you want to tell me
something important
that will be difficult but
good for your future life in
the long run?
Well... yes.
You're bad,
and I'm terminating our romance.
Bam!
Get out of my face.
Wow. I would not have been able
to do that without the advice of
my emotionally mature
friend Ice King.
[Normal]
Huh?
[As Party God]
Uh...
Ice King wanted me to tell you
that he's gonna break up with
his girlfriend, too.
And that you were as much an
inspiration to him as he was to you,
if not less so.
Mm. That's nice.
He says he'll be
sure to visit...
I'm going to
outer space now!
Oh, okay.
Whew!
Waah!
Aah!
Fun cakes!
I've come to a decision.
You ready to hear it?
I'm breaking up with you!
You party too much, you never
want to spend time with me,
and you only care about having
fun and other people's stereos!
I'm just a big island you can
come and go from as you please!
Banana guards!
Banana guards yourself,
Princess!
Eh, we'll work it out.
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ And the butterflies and bees ♪
♪ We can wander through the forest ♪
♪ And do so as we please ♪
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ To a cliff under a tree ♪
FINN:
This party is so crazy!
Ripped By mstoll
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org